we love H DSLR cameras because they're
so small and lightweight but we add a
follow focus we had a matte box we had
front rods we had eyepiece cups we add
c'mon smile monitors or converters to
use of videos different video standard
different things just pile a lot of
stuff in there and then there's a bunch
of prime lenses put it on maybe some
zooms wouldn't be able to carry all this
stuff we've made nice rigs to be able to
shoot with it but then we got to get it
to and from set and we want to be able
to pull the camera out and ready to roll
have it all built well we worked with
Porter brace came up with a nice kit we
actually had to develop some products
with them and they have their own kits
for HDSLR but we came up with this
particular one because we just really
think it covers all the bases now the
first thing is that if you look at it
looks like just a big old box of stuff
everything thrown in there but it's a
lot more than that nothing moves and
take a look at this camera it is
completely built rigged out ready to
roll matte box follow focus front rods
the Zacuto eye couplet everyone loves
ready to roll got the lens on right
ready to shoot it's all built and this
particular one is set up with this one
prime but you could do that with with a
different with a zoom or some other lens
on here of course that changes the size
every time you go so well how do you
adjust for this in the case aha
this is where we came up with something
called the lens cup and this is well
it's a pouch to hold your lens there's a
10 and 85 millimeter regular prime lens
actually pretty fat one so it fits in
here quite nicely it's got a window in
the top it's got a strap on the back put
it on your belt or a little flap
different different color flap so you
know which one it is what's important is
that velcro on the bottom nice heavy
duty velcro and it holds this in place
in the case why is that important well
you don't need separate dividers then
you can actually take your camera built
put it in the case take the lens cups
and just sort of wedge them around it
and then they become the padding
for the camera kit so you can configure
this however you want we've configured
all the stuff inside the case set it up
however you need to go and change it as
you go and it's always gonna work the
way you want to work and that's always
important you make the equipment work
the way you want to work not you have to
work around the equipment just Volkers
in place and then it's not going to move
there's other ways you can do this if
let's say you don't have that many
lenses or you want to configure this a
different way let's say you're using
some zooms here's our canon zoom that
actually comes into own pouch because
it's a nice expensive zoom they provide
a nice pouch for it this one's too big
to fit in the case standing up you'd lie
it down well you want to use some lens
cups to hold it in place or you have and
all this stuff comes in the kit this is
all nothing additional here
not the camera of course but all the
pouches and such you have some regular
dividers these are the three of their
hard dividers that you can line up in
there and then you have what they call a
snake divider this is a porter brace
product that just has velcro on the
edges and it's sort of a semi-rigid
material that will just wrap around
inside the case and just form it around
your equipment however you need to go
and then take these slip them together
and form your case however you need to
and you keep changing it if you need to
then you have this foam block as velcro
in this strap the idea behind this is
let's say you're using the camera
without a front rod assembly just you
have a lens on there well you don't want
that lens sort of bouncing up and down
on the camera cause it's not level
surface so you have the camera and then
the lens rests on here on this block of
foam and the strap holds it down in
place and it keeps everything nice and
snug together and sort of bottom down on
the case so it's nice and stable
you also have this pillow and sort of
just shape it any which way you want and
then it's gonna go on top of your your
camera or whatever else you want inside
the case just shape it however you want
and that will you know this is a little
bit shorter than the height of the case
so put that there and then you put the
lid down so it just holds everything in
place and protects it gives a little
extra cushioning
there is this pouch and they have bigger
pouches as well the other things
available but this is included in the
kit six inch by six inch pouch inside it
we have a HDMI to HDMI converter box
these are extremely popular you get a
little bit bigger one if you wanted an
additional and you could then put a
small onboard monitor in there if you
want but this is in the case this case
is big enough to hold French flag for
the map box
you've got pockets here for your
batteries and your chargers and your CF
cards and whatever little other widgets
you might need maybe some documentation
it's a big pouch on the side of the case
that'll hold cables and audio stuff if
you needed whatever you might want
there's that this is the large lens
pouch at lens cup and there's all and
you saw the small one there are three
large ones three small of course you can
always buy additional ones if you want
it's pretty inexpensive stuff and the
whole case pick it up this way there's
of course the classic strap with nice
suede padded suede covering very
comfortable to run around with this
whole case compact enough you can run
around with but then you can also take
this case and put it into a variety of
hard cases such as a storm 2720 which is
a hard case that you can ship but also
is a nice rolling case as a extending
handle and wheels so you can just roll
around wherever you need to go complete
kit that you can constantly transform
any which way you need it to work you
can have a set of primes you can have
zooms you could have a mix and match
whatever it is you're gonna pretty much
be able to put it in this case configure
it the way you want to be able to run
and gun and shoot and it's all safe and
protected ready to work that's from
porter brace i call it the ultimate HD
SLR kit from porter braids enables
initech